hello all welcome back to me
channel today I leave you with a very video
special is a collaboration draw
with three other friends and these three
friends , most likely you already
know them and if not, then with more reason
go and go to your channel please
I know you're going to like them a lot
very very talented and then one of them
It's Mariana to the Mariana Channel keepers
There is also quality beauty carlita and
martial marsa discovered so is that
I'm going to leave the links of them
down here for you to please come in and
see also the rules of your draws and
Well, this month they are there is
subscribe to start I want to record
this palette the lucky one is the palette
of toupee and it is called here in type
and this is fine father is a palette with
11 shades a bronzer a blush and a
cell protector that this is what
you can win I have mine
here to show you
and that's also how it looked without the
protector and the protector I here what
I have already put on my phone is
very beautiful is like a chocolate that is
half open and has bitten this one is left
the iphone 5 or the 5 that and these are the
shades that includes
all very vibrant this palette has the
Most are colors with enough
very pretty glitter and this palette
You can use it for day to night as
I tell you there are 11 shades the sunscreen and
the flush all colors very pretty apt
for all skin types and other than
pallet is very compact is very father
for if you want to travel with them and
you want to put it in your bag is the
portfolio I think it fits here quickly
I'm going to show you the sample of the
colors
next to accompany that palette goes to
be this is prebase for the eyes
you also spit and it's the young james
to prevent creases and to last
so more the shadow and this is a little is
small but you know that these last
I'm including a lot of them
shadows this is one of them and this is
of the pop brand and has three colors not
they are able to see very well but not
I want to open it so that later
go new and this is in the trio of
bright and online and the three are colors
neutrals that are very beautiful and of
again we can all use their colors
this palette of mascara that is in the
number 0 17 on technical tracks and it's from
mascara anthem has four shades
purple that also personally to me
they are the colors that I like most
purple for the eyes and they are very
very beautiful also their colors
the last pallet is this one of this trio
from wisekey
this also includes neutral colors
have the coffee shops are like champagne and
a cream for the lips is this
shine of the peace mark to live longer
be with yuri color but neither for this
state of our colors I think it
will be all or shocked me very
nice of this personally was very
very beautiful and finally to do these
lenses that are as I left acquired I have
here its your pretty way
Diego on the shores has the little mustaches
I'm going to put spiritualism and
stella that it will win thanks as
it looks very nice also this
I'll include it now, we're going with the
rules that is not difficult at all are from neu
the basic rules like having 18 years
age or older to participate if
you have less to have your parents' permission
this raffle is starting today 11 11
June and ends July 3
comment down here once a day for
please no more than once a day
but if you come back every day more
chances you have to win you can
comment what you like here below not in
I do not really care what it is and why
supposed to be subscribed to my channel and
channel of my other three friends that the
links will be down here again
very simple the rules I hope you like it
this video I hope you like the gifts
are encouraged to participate and also
can you like this video please
have that area of ​​the rules and good now
yes I say goodbye I love them very much and I give them
an upcoming video to see a brand for
wash the fish tanks and this purchase that I
super excited because it's a
sterilizer to clean teapots
disinfect them